Kindly follow the following instructions:
NOTE:Internet connection is mandatory for the program to run
#Installation:

1.To install the packages used in the program run the following commands on command prompt,
	i)cd,file location of requirements.txt>
		For Example:cd C:\Users\Comp\Desktop\CPROJ2020\requirements.txt
	ii)pip install -r requirements.txt
[Disclaimer:We haven't tried these commands on mac,so we are not quite sure this might work.
 If it doesn't work kindly install these packages manually from "https://pypi.org/".Check the requirement.txt
file to see the packages used.]

#Execution:

1.Before executing the code,kindly make these changes on the program for it to run on your system:
	i)Lines 612,650&652:Change the passwd to your current database password i.eMySQl password.

#Ordering and Selection:

i)Login and Sign Up:

1.Kindly give your original email address in case if you forget your password an otp will be sent to your email to create a new password.
2.For easy login kindly click the "keep me signed in" button.

ii)Food Selection:

1.Select the cuisine you want to order food on.
2.Enter the number of items and CLICK ADD TO CART BUTTON for all the food items you have selected each time.

iii)Ordering:

1.Finally after adding your desired food items to cart kindly click on generate bill to receive the invoice.
2.There is also suggestions of food items from your previous food orders.If you want to reorder the food item,you can click 
the order button on the left side of the suggestion.
3.The bill will be generated in the program file directory.

NOTE:
1.Kindly don't spam click any of the buttons.
2.You can click on the home button to find more options like tracking,about us,etc.
3.Before ordering again and generating bill kindly close the bill.pdf and data.xlsx(in case you opened it )  of your previous order.It will give an error if these files are opened.
4.Have some patience the program might take sometime to run.(Don't spam click run)

#For more information check our website
Currently in Beta testing(To know more check the video Instafood on your CPROJ2020 folder)


